[Recorder] [Test Proxy] [Asset Sync] Updates to the docs (#25350)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/test-utils/recorder/README.md

`dev-tool` by default outputs logs from the test proxy to `test-proxy-output.log` in your package's root directory. These logs can be inspected to see what requests were made to the proxy tool.

#### Switching ports

> If port 5000 is already being used in your machine, you can specify any other port such as 2345:5000 in the args, and make sure to have the environment variable `TEST_PROXY_HTTP_PORT` set as the specified port(2345 in this case).

Author: ```suggestion
If port 5000 is already being used in your machine, you can specify the environment variable `TEST_PROXY_HTTP_PORT` and point to the port number that you wish. (Example, `export TEST_PROXY_HTTP_PORT=2345`)
```
